when responding to a death on a ship or at the command. Um, mhm. You should
respond with as much compassion for the member as possible. Um,
making sure that you you have empathy for that sailor. Um, that has
lost a loved one. Or, um, if there is a person, um, on your staff
who has passed away, um, allowing the sailors to who who have witnessed
it or have been a part of it to grieve. Um, making sure that we
have things in place. Um, for example, counseling, uh, chaplain services,
Uh, and things of that nature. Um, death is very hard to deal
with, Um, for for anyone. Um, but having processes and plans in place
for things like that are important for everyone to cope and to deal.